# Unreleased

# 0.7.1 (2018-03-12)

- [FIXED] Set the default swift language version to 3.2
- [FIXED] Fixed warning for non-exhaustive switch statement.

# 0.7.0 (2017-04-10)

- [NEW] Implement convenience init for creating client from VCAP services metadata.
- [NEW] Allow server to generate document IDs if they are set as `nil` in the documents being saved.
- [FIXED] Access level warning in the ViewPager class.
- [FIXED] Crash on deallocate for unused client.
- [FIXED] Resolved issue where an infinite retry loop would be triggered if
  a `401: Forbidden` response was always received from an endpoint.

# 0.6.0 (2016-09-16)

- [NEW] Support for Swift 3.0 Release for Darwin Platforms.
- [NEW] New `PutBulkDocsOperation` API.
- [NEW] Support for backing off when a 429 status code is encountered, optionally enabled by using
   `ClientConfiguration` struct.
- [NEW] New `GetChangesOperation` API.
- [NEW] New `ViewPager` API.
- [FIXED] Correctly handle differences between CouchDb and Cloudant for cookie expiration.

# 0.5.0

- [NEW] Support Swift SNAPSHOT 2016-07-26

# 0.4.0 (2016-07-28)

- [NEW] New `GetAllDocs` API.
- [BREAKING] `skip` and `limit` properties on `QueryViewOperation` are now `UInt`
- [BREAKING] All APIs have changed to match the API guidelines laid down by the
  swift community. To see the full list of APIs which have changed, see
  [issue #96](https://github.com/cloudant/swift-cloudant/issues/96)

# 0.3.2 (2016-07-08)

- [FIXED] Created explicit `Sort` and `TextIndexField` initalizers so they are exposed as public.

# 0.3.1 (2016-07-08)

- [FIXED] Fixed scope of members of `Sort` struct, they are now exposed
  correctly as public.

# 0.3.0 (2016-06-30)

- [NEW] New FindDocumentsOperation API.
- [NEW] New DeleteAttachmentOperation API.
- [BREAKING] `Database` class has been removed
- [BREAKING] `CouchOperation` is now a protocol, in order to use `NSOperation` APIs
  you need to use the `Operation` class in conjunction with objects that conform
  to `CouchOperation`
- [BREAKING] `CouchDatabaseOperation` is now a protocol.
- [NEW] `JsonOperation` and `DataOperation` protocols.
- [BREAKING] `completionHandler` property is no longer defined on `CouchOperation`
   its replacement is `completionHander` defined on `JsonOperation` and `DataOperation`
- [BREAKING] The following properties on `CouchOperation` have been renamed:

| Previous Name | New Name |
|---------------|---------|
| `httpPath` | `endpoint`|
| `httpRequestData` | `data` |
| `httpContentType` | `contentType`|
|`httpMethod` | `method`|

- [BREAKING] `QueryItems` property has been removed.
- [NEW] parameters property API, used to define HTTP query parameters for a CouchOperation request.


# 0.2.1 (2016-05-13)

- [FIX] Fixed compatibility with Swift Development Snapshot from 2016-05-09

# 0.2.0 (2016-05-11)

- [BREAKING CHANGE] Renamed and changed completion handler signatures for **all**
  operations. They are now called `completionHandler` instead of `xxxxCompletionHandler`.
  Their signature is now `(response:[String:AnyObject]?, httpInfo:HttpInfo?, error:ErrorProtocol?) -> Void`.
- [IMPROVED] Error objects generated by the library now contain more information
  such as HTTP status code and the response received.
- [FIX] Fixed issue where the user agent wasn't being generated correctly.
- [FIX] Fixed issue where the `Content-Type` header was not being set correctly.
- [FIX] Fixed issue where a `DatabaseOperation` subclass would pass validation
   when the database name was not set.
- [FIX] Fixed issue where the session cookie was not created/set for requests to
   a protected CouchDB instance.
- [IMPROVED] Simplify operation subclasses processing responses in `CouchOperation`
- [NEW] New Hook for operations subclasses to perform additional actions such
   as a handler for each row in a view response.
- [NEW] New `QueryViewOperation`, to query CouchDB views, see the class documentation
  for usage.
- [NEW] New hook for operation subclasses, `serialise`, for usage see method documentation.

# 0.1.0 (2016-04-21)

Initial Release
